Updated README with new logo (#4920)
microsoft/WindowsAppSDK: README.md

</p>

[Windows App SDK](https://aka.ms/winappsdk) (F.K.A. Project Reunion) is a set of libraries, frameworks, components, and tools that you can use in your apps to access powerful Windows platform functionality from all kinds of apps on many versions of Windows. The Windows App SDK combines the powers of Win32 native applications alongside modern API usage techniques, so your apps light up everywhere your users are.

- **WinUI 3 support:** WinUI embodies Fluent Design to enable intuitive, accessible, and powerful experiences and the latest user interface patterns.
- **Access modern features:** [Modern resource tooling](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK/issues/11), [modern lifecycle helpers](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK/issues/9), [startup tasks](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK/issues/10), and more without having to rewrite your app
- **Backwards compatibility:** Down to Windows 10 1809 (build 17763). There may be some API that are dependent on new OS features
(like new Action Center functionality), however we will do our best to ensure this is the exception and not the norm, and provide reasonable fallbacks when possible.

> - **Wide platofrm support:** Win32, WPF, WinForms, and more.

Reviewer: typo issue:
platform

Author: Done

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://aka.ms/winappsdk">
    <img src="./docs/images/header.png" alt="Windows App SDK Banner" />
  </a>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Windows App SDK</h1>

<h3 align="center">

>   <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk">About Windows App SDK</a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk">About</a>
```

Nit: maybe this can be shortened a bit so it's easier to glance over?

  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/desktop">Documentation</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk/release-channels">Release notes</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK-Samples">Samples</a>
</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.WindowsAppSDK">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Microsoft.WindowsAppSDK" alt="WindowsAppSDK NuGet" /></a>
</p>

> [Windows App SDK](https://aka.ms/winappsdk) (F.K.A. Project Reunion) is a set of libraries, frameworks, components, and tools that you can use in your apps to access powerful Windows platform functionality from all kinds of apps on many versions of Windows. The Windows App SDK combines the powers of Win32 native applications alongside modern API usage techniques, so your apps light up everywhere your users are.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Windows App SDK](https://aka.ms/winappsdk) (formerly Project Reunion) is a set of libraries, frameworks, components, and tools that you can use in your apps to access powerful Windows platform functionality from all kinds of apps on many versions of Windows. The Windows App SDK combines the powers of Win32 native applications alongside modern API usage techniques, so your apps light up everywhere your users are.
```

Author: Is this necessary

- **WinUI 3 support:** [WinUI](https://aka.ms/winui) embodies Fluent Design to enable intuitive, accessible, and powerful experiences and the latest user interface patterns.
- **Access modern features:** [Modern resource tooling](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK/issues/11), [modern lifecycle helpers](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK/issues/9), [startup tasks](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK/issues/10), and more without having to rewrite your app.
- **Backwards compatibility:** Down to Windows 10 1809 (build 17763). There may be some API that are dependent on new OS features
(like new Action Center functionality), however we will do our best to ensure this is the exception and not the norm, and provide reasonable fallbacks when possible.
- **Wide platform support:** Win32, WPF, WinForms, and more.

> - **MSIX support:** You can still use your current installer, but there are [many benefits](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/msix/overview#key-features) to using MSIX.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think the main point is that developers are not bound to MSIX and can use their own thing. I think the main high-light should be about that devs can use their own installers? But yes, we do want to call out MSIX

Author: Done

## 📋 Getting started with Windows App SDK

> * [Build your first WinAppSDK app](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/winui3/create-your-first-winui3-app)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Build your first app with Windows App SDK](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/winui/winui3/create-your-first-winui3-app)
```

> * [WinAppSDK usage samples](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK-Samples)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Samples](https://github.com/microsoft/WindowsAppSDK-Samples)
```

> * [WinAppSDK contribution guide](docs/contributor-guide.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Contribution guide](docs/contributor-guide.md)
```

> * [WinAppSDK roadmap](./docs/roadmap.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Roadmap](./docs/roadmap.md)
```

> * [FAQ on WinAppSDK](docs/faq.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [FAQ](docs/faq.md)
```

> * [Developer documentations](https://aka.ms/windowsappsdkdocs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Developer documentation](https://aka.ms/windowsappsdkdocs)
```

* Windows App SDK family repositories
  * [WinUI](https://github.com/microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml)
  * [C++/WinRT](https://github.com/microsoft/CppWinRT) and [C#/WinRT](https://github.com/microsoft/CsWinRT)
  * [MSIX packaging](https://github.com/microsoft/msix-packaging)

## 👨‍💻 Join in and stay connected

> If you're interested in WinUI/WinAppSDK, come join us on the live Windows Development [Community Calls](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLI_J2v67C23ZqsolUDaHoFkF1GKvGrttB), which are hosted quarterly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Interested in WinUI and Windows App SDK? Come join us on the quarterly [WinUI Community Calls](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLI_J2v67C23ZqsolUDaHoFkF1GKvGrttB).
```

> You also can find and tag us on X using [#WindowsAppSDK](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23WindowsAppSDK).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find and tag us on X using [#WindowsAppSDK](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23WindowsAppSDK).
```

## 🖼️ WinUI 3 Gallery

> Make sure to also check out the [WinUI 3 Gallery](https://aka.ms/winui-gallery), our interactive sample experience showing everything you can do with WinUI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to also check out the [WinUI 3 Gallery](https://aka.ms/winui-gallery), our interactive sample experience showing everything you can do with WinUI and Windows App SDK.
```
